GA Replay from Node (#274)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-05.mdx

title: Changelog | May, 2024
---

## Replay Workflow from Node

> One of the biggest burdens in developing Workflows in Vellum is rerunning your _entire_ workflow whenever you want to make 
> a change to just a single node. You now can just run the workflow from a single node! When there's a previous execution 
> in the Workflow Sandbox, each previously executed workflow node will now have this play icon available on hover:
> 
> ![Replay From Node Icon](https://storage.googleapis.com/vellum-public/help-docs/changelogs/2024-05/replay-from-node-icon.png)
> 
> This will _reuse_ the node results from the previous execution from nodes upstream to the current node, allowing you to resume execution
> from there. This should save users a substantial amount of time and tokens in their Workflow development!
> 
> ![Replay From Node Execution](https://storage.googleapis.com/vellum-public/help-docs/changelogs/2024-05/replay-from-node-execution.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the biggest burdens when developing Workflows in Vellum is having to rerun your _entire_ Workflow whenever you want to make 
a change to just a single node and want to see its downstream effects.

You can now re-run a Workflow from a specific Node! After running a Workflow for the first time, you'll see this new play icon above each Node.

![Replay From Node Icon](https://storage.googleapis.com/vellum-public/help-docs/changelogs/2024-05/replay-from-node-icon.png)

Doing so will re-use results from the previous execution for all upstream nodes and only actually execute the target node and all nodes downstream of it.

![Replay From Node Execution](https://storage.googleapis.com/vellum-public/help-docs/changelogs/2024-05/replay-from-node-execution.png)

We hope this helps you decrease iteration cycles and save on LLM costs!
```
